Are you sure the nurses know you're using the computer?
Does the zoo know that you and the other baboons got loose?
your sister sucks so much dick she could sell her spit to a sperm bank!
your dad is like cement, it takes him two days to get hard!
Your about as cool as the fruit loops I had for breakfast!
If you want to do better, you should lower your prices; 50 cents a night is a little high!
My dog says that for now on, you have to start paying him!
Since you can't run with the big dogs, just sit on the porch and lick!
When you were born, did the doctor slap the wronge end by mistake?
I'm looking forward to the pleasure of your company since I haven't had it yet.
When you pass away and people ask me what the cause of your death was, I'll say your stupidity.
Well I'll see you in my dreams - if I eat too much.
I've had many cases of love that were just infatuation, but this hate I feel for you is definately the real thing.
You're the best at all you do - and all you do is make people hate you.
Don't you realize that there are enough people to hate in the world already without your working so hard to give us another?
The thing that terrifies me the most is that someone might hate me as much as I loathe you.
When you get run over by a car it shouldn't be listed under accidents.
All of your ancestors must number in the millions; its hard to believe that many people are to blame for producing you.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
I hear that when you were a child your mother wanted to hire someone to take care of you but the Mafia wanted too much.
I hear that when your mother first saw you she decided to leave you on the front steps of a police station while she turned herself in.
You were born because your mother didn't believe in abortion; now she believes in infanticide.
No one should be punished for an accident of birth but you look too much like a wreck not to be.
Yours was an unnatural birth; you came from a human being.
You were the answer to a prayer. Your parents prayed that the world would be made to suffer and here you came along.
You're a habit I'd like to kick; with both feet.
I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside.
I would like the pleasure of your company but it only gives me displeasure.
You've never been outspoken; no one has ever been able to.
At your speed you'd better not stop your mouth too fast or your teeth will fly through your cranium.
If you ever tax your brain, don't charge more than a penny.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling ---- in your skull?
You have nothing to fear from my baser instincts; its my finer ones that tell me to kill you.
It's your life --- but I wish you'd let us have it.
I don't consider you a vulture. I consider you something a vulture would eat.
I think you should live for the moment. But after that I doubt I'll think so.
Man alive! But I wish you weren't.
I believe in respect for the dead; in fact I could only respect you if you WERE dead.
I admire you because I've never had the courage it takes to be a liar, a thief, and a cheat.
You're acquitting yourself in such a way that no jury ever would.
You have a face only a mother could love - and she hates it!
You never strike out blindly; you fail in the light.
I've stepped on crap smarted than you!
I don't even think a horse would let you ride him!
You're just like a bus; 50 cents and you're ready to ride!
You're just like a soda machiene.  50 cents for the next generation!
You're so hairy, even big foot wants to get a picture of you!
You're so ugly, not even a mirror will look at you!
You're so fat, when you were in school you sat next to EVERYONE!
You're so fat, when you go to an amusement park, people try to ride YOU!
You're so fat, you have to iron your pants in the driveway!
You're so fat, when you were yellow shirts, helecopters try to land on you!
You're so stupid, you have to ask directions just to look behind you!
You're so stupid, you got locked in a grocery store and starved!
You're so stupid, when the weather man said it was chilly, you grabbed a spoon!
You're so poor, when you walk in the front door, you also walk out the back door!
Yo momma got so many teeth missing, it looks like her tounge is in jail.
Yo momma got a metal afro with rusty sideburns.
Yo momma house so small that when she orders a large pizza she had to go outside to eat it.
Yo momma house so small she has to go outside to eat a large pizza.
More than one living relative is named after a Southern Civil War general.
You think the stock market has a fence around it.
You think the O.J. trial was the big Sunkist and Minutemaid taste test.
You've ever lost a loved one to kudzu.
Your boat has not left the driveway in 15 years.
Your front porch collapses and kills more than three dogs.
You've ever used lard in bed.
Your coffee table used to be a telephone cable spool.
You keep a can of Raid on the kitchen table.
You've ever used a toilet seat as a picture frame.
Your home has more miles on it than your car.
Your Christmas tree is still up in February.
You've ever been arrested for loitering.
You think that potted meat on a saltine is an hors d'ouvre.
There is a stuffed possum anywhere in your house.
You hammer bottle caps into the frame of your front door to make it look nice.
You've ever shot anyone for looking at you.
You own a homemade fur coat.
Your wife can climb a tree faster than your cat.
Your momma has "ammo" on her Christmas list.
You've totaled every car you've ever owned.
There are more than five McDonald's bags currently on the floorboard of your car.
Momma taught you how to flip a cigarette.
There is a wasp nest in your living room.
The Home Shopping Channel operator recognizes your voice.
You give your dad a gallon of Pepto-Bismol for his birthday.
There has ever been crime-scene tape on your front door.
You burn your front yard rather than mow it.
You were born out of your mother's arse 'cos her cunt was too busy.
If my dog had a face as ugly as your momma's, I'd shave his ass and make him walk backwards.
I saw your momma at the freak show petting the world's largest turtle.
I saw your momma kicking a can down the street. I asked her what she was doing,  and she said "Moving."
You consider a six-pack and a bug-zapper high-quality entertainment.
Fewer than half of your cars run.
You've ever been kicked out of the zoo for heckling the monkeys.
The taillight covers of your car are made of tape.
Your car has never had a full tank of gas.
Any of your kids were conceived in a car wash.
Your momma has ever been involved in a cuss fight with the principal.
You think a subdivision is part of a math problem.
You've ever bathed with flea and tick soap.
Your good deed for the month was hiding your brother for a few days.
Your wheelbarrow breaks and it takes four relatives to figure out how to fix it.
Your momma doesn't remove the Marlboro from her lips before telling the State Trooper to kiss her a--.
You stand under the mistletoe at Christmas and wait for Granny and cousin Sue-Ellen to walk by.
Your favorite T-shirt is offensive in thirteen states.
You've ever been involved in a custody fight over a huntin' dog.
You're an expert on worm beds.
The dog catcher calls for a backup unit when he visits your house.
Your wife has ever said, "Come move this transmission so I can take a bath!"
Your family tree does not fork.
The flood history of the area can be seen on your living room walls.
You haul more than U-Haul.
There is a gun rack on your bicycle.
Your wedding was held in the delivery room.
Your soap on a rope doubles as an air freshener.
Your wife's hairdo attracts bees.
Your baby's first words are "Attention K-Mart shoppers."
The antenna on your truck is a danger to low flying airplanes.
Your primary source of income is the pawn shop.
You pick your teeth from a catalog.
You've ever financed a tattoo.
You refer to the time you won a free case of oil as the "day my ship came in."
Your hairdo has ever been ruined by a ceiling fan.
Your mother has been involved in a fist fight at a high school sports event.
You've ever barbecued Spam on the grill.
You own all the components of soap on a rope except the soap.
The best way to keep things cold is to leave'em in the shade.
You've ever raked leaves in your kitchen.
The neighbors started a petition over your Christmas lights.
Your brother-in-law is your uncle.
You entire family has ever sat around waiting for a call from the governor to spare a loved one.
You go to the family reunion to pick up women.
your grandmother has ever been asked to leave a bingo game because of her language.
You can't tell what color your car is because of the dirt.
You have refused to watch the Academy Awards since "Smokey and the Bandit" was snubbed for best picture.
None of your shirts cover your stomach.
Your only condiment on the dining room table is the economy size bottle of ketchup.
The rear tires on your car are at least twice as wide as the front ones.
You consider "Outdoor Life" deep reading.
You prominently display a gift you bought at Graceland.
You use the term `over yonder' more than once a month.
Birds are attracted to your beard.
The diploma hanging in your den contains the words "Trucking Institute".
Your mother keeps a spit cup on the ironing board.
Your wife's job requires her to wear an orange vest.
You've ever worn a tube top to a wedding.
Bikers back down from your momma.
You were shooting pool when your kids were born.
Your favorite Christmas present was a painting on black velvet.
You think that Dom Perignon is a mafia leader.
You have the local taxidermist's number on speed dial.
Your school fight song was "Dueling Banjos".
You think a chain saw is a musical instrument.
You've ever stolen clothes from a scarecrow.
The most commonly heard phrase at your family reunion is "What the h--l are you looking at, Sh-thead?"
You think that beef jerky and Moon Pies are two of the major food groups.
You've ever shot a deer from inside your house.
The first words out of your mouth every time you see friends are "Howdy!",  "HEY!" or "How Y'all Doin'?" (If they respond with the same... they're a redneck too!)
You have more than two brothers named Bubba or Junior.
You've ever stolen toilet paper from a public restroom.
You clean your nails with a stick.
You prefer car keys to Q-tips.
Your Christmas cards have a copy of your butt included.
People are scared to touch your wife's bathrobe.
Your father encourages you to quit school because Larry has an opening on the lube rack.
You think a Volvo is part of a woman's anatomy.
You've ever worn shorts to a funeral home.
You think that the styrofoam cooler is the greatest invention of all time.
You've ever been too drunk to fish.
You've ever bought a used cap.
You had to remove a toothpick for wedding pictures.
You've ever used a weedeater indoors.
Your momma tore her best dress coon hunting.
You have a rag for a gas cap (on a car that does run).
You look upon a family reunion as a chance to meet `Ms. Right'
You have to go outside to get something out of the 'fridge.
Your richest relative buys a new house and you have to help take the wheels off it.
In an effort to watch your cholesterol, you eat Spam Lite.
Your idea of a seven course meal is a bucket of KFC and a sixpack.
You go to a tupperware party for a haircut.
You've ever spray painted your girlfriend's name on an overpass.
Your lifetime goal is to own a fireworks stand.
Someone asks to see your ID and you show them your belt buckle.
Your Junior/Senior Prom had a day care.
The directions to your house include "turn off the paved road".
Your dog and your wallet are both on chains.
Every electrical outlet in your house is a fire hazard.
Your kids are going hungry tonight because you just had to have those Yosemite Sam mudflaps.
You owe the taxidermist more than your annual income.
You fainted when you met Slim Whitman.
You have lost at least one tooth opening a beer bottle.
Jack Daniels makes your list of "most admired people".
You won't stop at a rest area if you have an empty beer can in the car.
Your dog can't watch you eat without gagging.
You have a Hefty bag on the passenger side window of your car.
You have a very special baseball cap, just for formal occasions.
Red Man sends you a Christmas card.
The Salvation Army declines your mattress.
You bought a VCR so you could tape wrestling while you are at work.
Your dad walks you to school because you are both in the same grade.
Your wife has a beer belly and you find it attractive.
Your house doesn't have curtains, but your truck does.
You have started a petition to change the National Anthem to "Georgia on My Mind".
You call your boss "Buddy", on a regular basis.
You consider your license plate personalized because your dad made it in prison.
You have been fired from a construction job because of your appearance. (Is that a bad mental image or what?)
You need one more hole punched in your card to get a freebie at the House of Tattoos.
You need an estimate from your barber before you get a haircut.
The biggest fashion risk you take is which plaid  you'll wear to the 4-H Fair.
You have flowers planted in a bathroom appliance in your front yard.
Someone in your family says "Cum'n heer an' lookit this afore I flush it."
Your wife weighs more then your refrigerator.
You move your refrigerator and the grass underneath it has turned yellow.
You mow your lawn and find a car.
You can spit without opening your mouth.
Going to the bathroom in the middle of the night involves putting on shoes and a jacket and grabbing a flashlight.
You go Christmas shopping for your mom, sister, and girlfriend, and you only need to buy one gift.
You are still holding on to Confederate money because you think the South will rise again.
You consider pork and beans to be a gourmet food.
You can amuse yourself for more than an hour with a fly swatter.
You have to go down to the creek to take a bath.
You participate in the "who can spit tobacco the farthest contest".
You roll you hair with soup cans and wash it once a year.
You've never paid for a haircut.
You consider a three piece suit to be: a pair of overalls, a plaid flannel shirt and thermal underwear.
There is a sheet hanging in your closet and a gun rack hanging in your truck.
You think the Mountain Men in Deliverance were just"misunderstood".
You've ever made change in the offering plate.
The fifth grade is referred to as "your senior year."
You consider a good tan to be the back of of your neck and the left arm below the shirt sleeve...
You own at least 20 baseball hats.
You think a 'cursor' is someone who swears a lot.
You know of at least six different ways to bend the bill of a baseball hat.
You can change the oil in your truck without ducking your head.
When you run out of gas, you put gin in the gas tank.
Your screen door has no screen.
Your biggest ambition in live is to "git that big ole coon.  The one what hangs 'round over yonder, back'ah Bubba's barn..."
Three quarters of the clothes you own have logos on them.
Your grandfather completely executes the "pull my finger" trick at the family reunion.
When you leave your house, you are followed by federal agents of the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms, and the only thing you worry about is if you can lose them or not.
You have a house that's mobile and five cars that aren't.
You gene pool doesn't have a "deep end."
Your `huntin dawg' cost more than the truck you drive him around in.
You have a Hefty bag for a convertible top.
Your belt buckle weighs more than three pounds.
You have an Elvis Jell-o mold.
You have the taxidermist's number on speed-dial.
You own more cowboy boots than sneakers.
You've been to a funeral and there were more pick-ups than cars.
You have a picture of Johnny Cash, Willie Nelson, or Elvis over your fireplace.
You just bought an 8-track player to put in your car.
There are four or more cars up on blocks in the front yard.
It's easier to spray weed killer on your lawn than mow it.
You think that John Deere Green, Ford Blue, and Primer Gray are the three of the primary colors.
You've ever climbed a water tower with a bucket of paint to defend your sister's honor.
Your vehicle has a two-tone paint job--primer red and primer gray.
The tobacco chewers in your family aren't just men.
Your momma calls you over to help, cause she has a flat tire...on her house
The ASPCA raids your kitchen.
You have to check in the bottom of your shoe for change so you can get Grandma a new plug of tobacco.
You can't get married to your sweetheart because there is a law against it.
You celebrate Groundhog Day because you believe in it.
Your kid takes a siphon hose to show-and-tell.
You've been on TV more than 5 times describing the sound of a tornado.
You fish in your above-ground pool. . . and catch something.
When a sign that says "Say No To Crack!" reminds you to pull up your jeans.
Your beer can collection is considered a tourist attraction in your home town.
Getting a package from your post office requires a full tank of gas in the truck.
Your wife wants to stop at the gas station to see if they've got the new Darrell Waltrip Budweiser wall clock.
You dated your daddy's current wife in high school.
You're moved to tears every time you hear Dolly Parton singing "I Will Always Love You".
You grow Vidalia onions, rather than considering them a gourmet item.
Your Momma would rather go the racetrack than the Kennedy Center. (Clinton true-life story)
The most serious loss from the earthquake was your Conway Twitty record collection (your insurance man is a redneck too if he pays you for it).
You have spent more on your pickup truck than on your education.
You've ever hit a deer with your car...deliberately.
You can tell your age by the number of rings in the bathtub.
Your momma gives you tips on how to sneak booze into sporting events.
Exxon and Conoco have offered you royalties for your hair.
Your dad is also your favorite uncle.
Your classes at school were cancelled because the path to the restroom was flooded.
During your senior year you and your mother had homeroom together.
You're a lite beer drinker, because you start drinking when it gets light.
On your first date you had to ask your Dad to borrow the keys to the tractor.
Your parakeet knows the phrase "Open up, Police!"
You saved lots of money on your honeymoon by going deer hunting.
In tough situations you ask yourself, "What would Curly do?"
Taking your wife on a cruise means circling the Dairy Queen.
You think the last words to the Star Spangled Banner are "Play Ball..."
You have a color coordinating rope that ties down your car hood.
You bring your dog to work with you.
Your grandmother can correctly execute the sleeper hold.
You've ever held somebody up with a caulk gun.
You have every episode of "Hee Haw" on tape.
Your favorite hunting dog has a bigger tombstone than your grandfather.
Your masseuse uses lard.
Your wife's best shoes have steel toes.
You use your fishing license as a form of I.D.
On stag night, you take a real deer.
You use a 55 Chevy as a guest house.
Your back porch is bigger than your house.
There is more oil in your cap than in your car.
You think a hot tub is a stolen bathroom fixture.
A full-grown ostrich has fewer feathers than your cowboy hat.
An expired license plate means another decoration for your living room wall.
You think Old Yeller is a movie about your brother's tooth.
You watch Little House on the Prairie for decorating tips.
Your secret family recipe is illegal.
Your handkerchief doubles as your shirt sleeve.
Your baby's favorite teething ring is the garden hose in the front yard.
Your coat-of-arms features kudzu.
Your sophisticated show-biz cousin is a rodeo clown.
You think people that send out graduation announcements are show-offs.
Your best ashtray is a turtle shell.
Your pocketknife has ever been referred to as Exhibit A.
You think cur is a breed of dog.
People hear your car long before they see it.
Your four-year-old is a member of the NRA.
Your satellite dish payment delays buying school clothes for the kids.
Your most expensive shoes have numbers on the heels.
Your wife has ever burned out an electric razor.
Your birth announcement included the word "rug rat".
You've ever hitchhiked naked,
You're turned on by a woman who can field dress a deer.
You use the O on a stop sign to sight your new rifle.
Your bumper sticker says, "My other car is a combine."
The gas pedal on your car is shaped like a bare foot.
The highlight of your parties is when you flip out your false teeth.
Your wife keeps a can of Vienna sausage in her purse.
Taking a dip has nothing to do with water.
There are more than ten lawsuits currently pending against your dog.
You take a fishing pole to Sea World.
The hood and one door are a different color from the rest of your car.
You've ever filled your deer tag on the golf course.
You've ever shot somebody over a mall parking space.
Santa Claus refuses to let your kids sit in his lap.
Your toilet paper has page numbers on it.
You think mud rasslin' should be an Olympic sport.
The receptionist checks the rat traps at your place of business.
You list your parole officer as a reference.
There are more fish on your wall than pictures.
Motel 6 turns off the lights when they see you coming.
There are more dishes in your sink than in your cabinets.
You think a turtleneck is a key ingredient in soup.
You've ever stood in line to get your picture taken with a freak of nature.
Your anniversary present was getting the septic tank pumped.
Your local ambulance has a trailer hitch.
You watch cartoons long after your kids get bored.
You think the French Riviera is a foreign car.
You think you are an entrepreneur because of the "Dirt for Sale" sign in the front yard.
You’re my favorite person besides every other person I’ve ever met.
No offense, but you make me want to staple my cunt shut.
Did your parents have any children that lived?
I envy people who have never met you.
Maybe if you eat all that makeup you will be beautiful on the inside.
You’re kinda like Rapunzel except instead of letting down your hair, you let down everyone in your life.
You’re impossible to underestimate.
You’re not the dumbest person on the planet, but you sure better hope he doesn’t die.
I’ll plant a mango tree in your mother’s cunt and fuck your sister in its shade.
Those aren’t acne scars, those are marks from the coat hanger.
You have more dick in your personality than you do in your pants.
If you were an inanimate object, you’d be a participation trophy.
You look like your father would be disappointed in you if he stayed.
You’re not pretty enough to be that dumb.
Your mother fucks for bricks so she can build your sister a whorehouse.
I’m sorry your dad beat you instead of cancer.
You were birthed out your mother’s ass because her cunt was too busy.
You’re so stupid you couldn’t pour piss out of a boot if the directions were written on the heel.
Take my lowest priority and put yourself beneath it.
Such a shame your mother didn’t swallow you.
The best part of you ran down your mom’s leg.
You couldn’t organize a blowjob if you were in a Nevada brothel with a pocket full of hundred-dollar bills.
You are a pizza burn on the roof of the world’s mouth.
Does your ass ever get jealous of the shit that comes out of your mouth?
People like you are the reason God doesn’t talk to us anymore.
You’re so dense, light bends around you.
I’d love to stay and chat but I’d rather have type-2 diabetes.
You should put a condom on your head, because if you’re going to act like a dick you better dress like one, too.
I bet you swim with a T-shirt on.
How the fuck are you the sperm that won?
May your balls turn square and fester at the corners.
I hope your wife brings a date to your funeral.
If you were a potato you’d be a stupid potato.
Your face looks like it was set on fire and put out with chains.
You might want to get a colonoscopy for all that butthurt.
Your mother may have told you that you could be anything you wanted, but a douchebag wasn’t what she meant.
You are so ugly that when you were born, the doctor slapped your mother.
You look like two pounds of shit in a one-pound bag.
Ready to fail like your dad’s condom?
I’d call you a cunt, but you have neither the warmth or the depth.
If I wanted to commit suicide I’d climb to your ego and jump to your IQ.
You make me wish I had more middle fingers.
If genius skips a generation, your children will be brilliant.
Everyone that has ever said they love you was wrong.
You have the charm and charisma of a burning orphanage.
If there was a single intelligent thought in your head it would have died from loneliness.
I don’t have the time or the crayons to explain this to you.
The only difference between you and Hitler is Hitler knew when to kill himself.
You’re dumber than I tell people.
I hope you have beautiful children and that they all get cancer.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
For years your mother and I wanted kids. Imagine our disappointment when you came along.
Your face is so oily that I’m surprised America hasn’t invaded yet.
Your father should’ve wiped you on the sheets.
If I wanted any shit out of you I’d take my dick out of your ass.
I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.
You’re the reason you mom swallows now.
How did you crawl out of the abortion bucket?
If the road were paved with dicks, your mother would walk on her ass.
You are the stone in the shoes of humanity.
You could fuck up a wet dream.
You’re not as dumb as you look.
Son, anyone who would fuck you ain’t worth fucking.
This is why everyone talks about you as soon as you leave the room.
The smartest thing that ever came out of your mouth was my dick.
You know, people were right about you.
You’ve got a great body. Too bad there’s no workout routine for a face.
If you could suck your own dick then you would finally suck at everything.
I want you to be the pallbearer at my funeral so you can let me down one last time.
Don’t make me have to smack the extra chromosome out of you.
You’ve gotta be two people, because no single person can be that stupid.
If you were any dumber, someone would have to water you twice a week.
You’ll never be half the man your mother was.
If you were on fire and I had a cup of my own piss, I’d drink it.
I’ve forgotten more than you know.
You smell like you wipe back to front.
I could agree with you, but then we’d both be wrong.
Shut your mouth, I can smell your Dad’s cock.
You look like something I drew with my left hand.
How do you even masturbate knowing whose dick you’re touching?
You are the human embodiment of an eight-dollar haircut.
The only thing that will ever fuck you is life.
You suck dick at fucking pussy.
If you were twice as smart, you’d still be stupid. I can’t forget that day.
You look like a bag of mashed-up assholes.
You’re a huge bag of tiny cocks.
You’re so inbred you’re a sandwich.
In a country where anyone can be anything, I will never understand why you chose to be mediocre.
What’s a girl like you doing at a nice place like this?
You’re about as important as a white crayon.
Was your mother just in the bathroom? Because she forgot to flush your twin.
If my dog had a face like you, I’d paint his ass and teach him to walk backwards.
If your parents were to divorce, would they still be brother and sister?
You look like the kind of person that buys condoms on his way to a family reunion.
People will not only remember your death, they will celebrate it.
You are a shit stain on the underpants of society.
You look like you were poured into your clothes but someone forgot to say when to stop.
You’re about as useful as tits on a pigeon.
Why are you playing hard to get when you’re so hard to want?
I’d offer you a shit sandwich, but I hear you don’t like bread.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
No I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
I’m jealous of people that don’t know you!
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people.
You, sir, are an oxygen thief!
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
Don't like my sarcasm, well I don't like your stupid.
Why don't you go play in traffic.
Please shut your mouth when you’re talking to me.
I'd slap you, but that would be animal abuse.
They say opposites attract. I hope you meet someone who is good-looking, intelligent, and cultured.
Stop trying to be a smart ass, you're just an ass.
The last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
You have Diarrhea of the mouth; constipation of the ideas.
If ugly were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.
Your mind is on vacation but your mouth is working overtime.
I can lose weight, but you’ll always be ugly.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable... like a coma.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
If your gonna be two faced, honey at least make one of them pretty.
Keep rolling your eyes, perhaps you'll find a brain back there.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
You get ten times more girls than me? ten times zero is zero...
There is no vaccine against stupidity.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Sure, I've seen people like you before - but I had to pay an admission.
How old are you? - Wait I shouldn't ask, you can't count that high.
Have you been shopping lately? They're selling lives, you should go get one.
You're like Monday mornings, nobody likes you.
Of course I talk like an idiot, how else would you understand me?
All day I thought of you... I was at the zoo.
To make you laugh on Saturday, I need to you joke on Wednesday.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
My friend thinks he is smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.
Your house is so dirty you have to wipe your feet before you go outside.
If you really spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
If I told you that I have a piece of dirt in my eye, would you move?
You so dumb, you think Cheerios are doughnut seeds.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
You are so old, your birth-certificate expired.
Every time I'm next to you, I get a fierce desire to be alone.
You're so dumb that you got hit by a parked car.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
You're so fat, you leave footprints in concrete.
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
Wipe your mouth, there's still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling - in your skull?
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?